Add OpenStack metrics scaler doc (#405)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.2/scalers/openstack-metric.md

+++
title = "Openstack Metric"
layout = "scaler"
availability = "v2.3+"
maintainer = "Community"

> description = "Scale applications based on the metrics collected from an specific resource."

Reviewer: Can you provide a more clear description, please?

Author: sure!

Author: Hi, I updated this description and linked the scaler PR to this doc PR.

go_file = "openstack_metric_scaler"
+++

### Trigger Specification

> This specification describes the `openstack-metric` trigger for OpenStack metrics. The Openstack metric API follows [gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) API. Attempt to the fact that gnocchi api is an open-source time series database embedded in openstack system and every parameter on Openstack Metric API follows it's patterns but you don't need to reference anything from gnocchi. It scales based on an spcific measeure from a given resource metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification describes the `openstack-metric` trigger for OpenStack metrics.

> The Openstack metric API follows [gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) API. Attempt to the fact that gnocchi API is an open-source time series database embedded in openstack system and every parameter on Openstack Metric API follows its patterns but you don't need to reference anything from gnocchi. It scales based on a specific measure from a given resource metric.
```

It's highly recommended to check [gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) docs.

```yaml
triggers:
- type: openstack-metric
  metadata:
    metricsURL: http://localhost:8041/v1/metric #required
    metricID: 003bb589-166d-439d-8c31-cbf098d863de #required
    aggregationMethod: "mean" #required
    granularity: 300 #required (seconds)
    threshold: 1250 #required
    timeout: 30 #optional
```

> > Please, always provide the protocol (http or https) when specifying URLs. This is needed due to Go URL parsing issues :sweat_smile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Protocol (http or https) should always be provided when specifying URLs
```

+++

> title = "Openstack Metric"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title = "OpenStack Metric"
```

layout = "scaler"
availability = "v2.3+"
maintainer = "Community"

> description = "Scale applications based on a threshold reached by a specific measure from Openstack Metric API."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description = "Scale applications based on a threshold reached by a specific measure from OpenStack Metric API."
```

go_file = "openstack_metric_scaler"
+++

### Trigger Specification
This specification describes the `openstack-metric` trigger for OpenStack metrics.

> > The Openstack metric API follows [gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) API. Attempt to the fact that gnocchi API is an open-source time series database embedded in openstack system and every parameter on Openstack Metric API follows its patterns but you don't need to reference anything from gnocchi. It scales based on a specific measure from a given resource metric.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The OpenStack metric API follows [Gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) API. Attempt to the fact that Gnocchi API is an open-source time series database embedded in OpenStack system and every parameter on OpenStack Metric API follows its patterns but you don't need to reference anything from Gnocchi. It scales based on a specific measure from a given resource metric.
```

> It's highly recommended to check [gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's highly recommended to check [Gnocchi](https://gnocchi.xyz/) docs.
```

```yaml
triggers:
- type: openstack-metric
  metadata:
    metricsURL: http://localhost:8041/v1/metric #required
    metricID: 003bb589-166d-439d-8c31-cbf098d863de #required
    aggregationMethod: "mean" #required
    granularity: 300 #required (seconds)
    threshold: 1250 #required
    timeout: 30 #optional
```

> Protocol (http or https) should always be provided when specifying URLs

**Parameter list:**
- `metricsURL` - The URL to check for the metrics API, based. It must contain the hostname, the metric port, the API version, and the resource ID. The pattern is: `http://<host>:<metric_port>/<openstack_metric_api_version>/<resource_id>/metric` 
- `metricID` - The Id of the intendend metric
- `aggregationMethod` - The aggregation method that will be used to calculate metrics, it must follows the configured possible metrics derived from gnocchi API like: `mean`, `min`, `max`, `std`, `sum`, `count`, the complete aggregation methods list can be found [here](https://gnocchi.xyz/rest.html#archive-policy).

> - `granularity` - The configured granularity from metric collection in seconds. it must follow the same value configured in openstack, but it must be coutned in seconds. Sample: If you have a 5 minutes time window granularity defined, so you must input a value of 300 seconds (5*60).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `granularity` - The configured granularity from metric collection in seconds. it must follow the same value configured in OpenStack, but it must be coutned in seconds. Sample: If you have a 5 minutes time window granularity defined, so you must input a value of 300 seconds (5*60).
```

---
title: "Openstack Metric"
date: 2021-03-07T17:14:29-03:00
draft: true
---
+++
title = "Openstack Metric"
layout = "scaler"

> availability = "v2.2+"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
availability = "v2.3+"
```

Author: Thanks, I have updated it.

maintainer = "Community"
description = "Scale applications based on the metrics collected from an specific resource."
go_file = "openstack_metric_scaler"

> +++

Reviewer: This doesn't look correct?

Author: Hi, thanks for noticing it! the lines 1 to 5 are actually 'dead code' I should have deleted it. I will implement all changes you pointed and improve the explanation about gnocchi integration with openstack, thanks for the review.

Author: Hi, I updated the file with the requested changes!

### Trigger Specification
This specification describes the `openstack-metric` trigger for OpenStack metrics based on gnocchi API. It scales based on an spcific measeure from a given resource metric.

```yaml
triggers:
- type: openstack-metric
  metadata:
    metricsURL: localhost:8041/v1/metric #required
    metricID: 003bb589-166d-439d-8c31-cbf098d863de #required
    aggregationMethod: "mean" #required
    granularity: 300 #required (seconds)
    threshold: 1250 #required
    timeout: 30 #optional
```

> Please, always provide the protocol (http or https) when specifying URLs. This is needed due to Go URL parsing issues :sweat_smile:

**Parameter list:**

> - `metricsURL` - The URL to query the metrics gnocchi API. It must contain the hostname, the gnocchi port, the API version, and the resource ID. The pattern is: `http://<host>:<swift_port>/<swift_version>/<resource_id>` 

Reviewer: Is `gnocchi` required here?

Author: Hi, I updated the docs about gnocchi. Actually gnocch is not required, its an openstack embedded time series database aimed to store and make it ease to request metrics which provides an API with an standard, the version here is linked with gnocchi api version, but it depends on openstack configurations and what api version it is providing.

### Authentication Parameters

To authenticate, this scaler uses tokens. Tokens are automatically retrieved by the scaler from [Keystone](https://docs.openstack.org/keystone/latest/), the official OpenStack Identity Provider. You can provide your credentials using Secrets either by using the "password" method or the "application credentials" method. Both cases use `TriggerAuthentication`.

#### Password

- `authURL` - The Keystone authentication URL. The pattern is: `http://<host>:<keystone_port>/<keystone_version>/`
- `userID` - The OpenStack project user ID
- `password` - The password for the provided user
- `projectID` - The OpenStack project ID

#### Application Credentials

- `authURL` - The Keystone authentication URL. The pattern is: `http://<host>:<keystone_port>/<keystone_version>/`
- `appCredentialID` - The Application Credential ID
- `appCredentialSecret` - The Application Credential secret

### Example

#### Password method

> Here is an example of how to deploy a scaled object with the `openstack-swift` scale trigger which uses `TriggerAuthentication` and the Password method from above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to deploy a scaled object with the `openstack-metric` scale trigger which uses `TriggerAuthentication` and the Password method from above.
```

Author: thanks, I updated it.
